Description

At Unacademy, we're reimagining quality education for all.

Unacademy helps more than 60 million students to get access to top-quality education. We enable them to achieve their goals and get ahead in life. India being home to 19% of the world's youth population, we believe we've only just begun. And we'd like your help.

We're building a strong, diverse team of curious, creative people who want to find a purpose in their work and support each other in the process. Our engineering team is composed of talented and driven problem-solvers. We never stop learning, we teach one another, and we take immense pride in our work. We are a small team and thus every individual has the opportunity to create a huge impact. Our mission is to change the face of education in the country and you would play a critical role in achieving this steep goal. If that sounds like you, come join us on this journey as we democratize education for all.

Here's the elevator pitch:

-75+ million students learning on the platform to achieve their academic goals across 50 exam categories

- 6,50,000 paid subscribers. $220 Million ARR and growing at an unprecedented rate

- 2B+ Minutes of watch time each month

- 1,70,000 Live Classes conducted every month with concurrent learners exceeding 75,000

- A rapidly growing team of 200 members in tech + product with some of the finest folks in the industry

About this role

We are looking for an Engineering Lead or Sr Engineers to join our K12 Android engineering team. As a lead engineer at Unacademy, you'll help learners build mastery regardless of where they are, and regardless of whether they are accessing Unacademy on the browser, on Android, or on iOS. You'll help build cutting-edge infrastructure to enable students of all backgrounds to succeed on high-stakes assessments like the UPSC and IIT. Ultimately, you'll be part of helping millions of learners to unlock their full potential. We are looking for smart, dynamic individuals with outstanding programming skills and a great passion for developing beautiful, innovative software.



Responsibilities:
Design and Develop our Android app
Regularly brainstorm and improve the app, come up with features and take ownership of the product
Requirements


3-8 years of experience in product development with expertise in implementing high-performance mobile applications.
Well-versed in Java, Kotlin, XML, and JSON. Knowledge of ReactNative is a plus.
Handling push notifications from servers to the Android app.
Thorough knowledge of Android APIs and platform capabilities (location-based capabilities within apps).
Working knowledge of the mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies.
Open Source Contributors, and people who are active on open source communities like Stack Exchange.
Have published one or more apps in the Play Store.
Complete knowledge of app testing, releasing, and handling support tickets.
Great to have:

Open Source Contributors, and people who are active on open source communities like Stack Exchange.
Have published one or more apps in the Play Store
Complete knowledge of app testing, releasing and handling support tickets
Benefits
Our mantra of "Learning as a way of life" is not limited to our student users, but extends to our team as well. We drive this with a special allowance for books & an internal library of courses, created by and for Unacademians themselves.

We celebrate our teams’ hard work with company wide offsites, twice a year, to rejuvenate & recharge. We take care of our people with wellness programs (In-house mental health counsellor, meditation & fitness sessions), fully stocked pantry, game zone, and a top-notch medical plan that covers employees + dependents.
